Update surfer.rst (#385)
pyansys/pyprimemesh: doc/source/user_guide/surfer.rst

The :class:`Surfer <ansys.meshing.prime.Surfer>` class enables you to perform surface meshing using
different surface meshing algorithms on topofaces or face zonelets. Surface meshing considers many

> parameters like size field type, minimum size, maximum size, growth rate, and transition type,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameters, such as size field type, minimum size, maximum size, growth rate, and transition type,
```
